= Naether

A Java Dependency Resolver using Maven's {Aether}[https://github.com/sonatype/sonatype-aether]

https://github.com/mguymon/naether


=== Install

gem install naether


=== About

Built do power the {Builder Resolver}[https://github.com/mguymon/buildr-resolver] for {Buildr}[https://github.com/apache/buildr],
enabling dependency resolution to Buildr projects. The Java {Naether.java}[https://github.com/mguymon/naether/blob/master/src/main/java/com/slackworks/naether/Naether.java] 
is a basic wrapper for {Aether}[https://github.com/sonatype/sonatype-aether], Maven 3's dependency resolution framework. 
The Ruby {naether.rb}[https://github.com/mguymon/naether/blob/master/src/main/ruby/naether.rb] provides access to Java 
from Ruby. JRuby is natively supported, other Ruby vms will use {Rjb}[http://rjb.rubyforge.org] to proxy over JNI.


== License

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this
work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF
licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
